# First website
#### Video Demo:  <https://youtu.be/Jq66i7tHqDM>
#### Description:
#### What my project is ####
My project (I named it [First website](http://127.0.0.1:5500/homepage/index.html)) is **a web application that provides a user-friendly interface to introduce myself and my journey of learning to code over the 3 months of the summer**. The application is built using a combination of **JavaScript, Python, HTML, and CSS**, each language playing an important role in the overall functionality of the project. At its core, the application is designed to provide a seamless and intuitive experience for users, allowing them to easily access and learn about the coding experience for beginners.
#### What the first 2 parts do ####
The project consists of a main file called "homepage" , which contains files written in the four technologies used. The project consists of 4 main parts located at the top of the project: **Home** - the main page of the website, written in an html file called [index.html](http://127.0.0.1:5500/homepage/index.html) which is linked to 4 other html files. ***In addition, I also coded an application that allows users to find words on every page, and move back and forth between those words, and at the top right corner, theres a darkmode button for eye protection.*** When you land on this page, you can see my picture and an introduction about why I wrote this site. Below that is a "Read My Story" button, which is a link to the second part of the project: an html file called **About**[about.html](http://127.0.0.1:5500/homepage/about.html) where I introduce myself, my family, and my studies. For privacy reasons, I will not provide any more information in this section. Next, at **Home** when you scroll down, you can see the important milestones section, which consists of the remaining 3 sub-sections that link to the index.html file, namely [CS50.html](http://127.0.0.1:5500/homepage/CS50.html), "LearnPy.html"[LearnPy.html](http://127.0.0.1:5500/homepage/LearnPy.html), and [Project.html](http://127.0.0.1:5500/homepage/LearnPy.html). First, I will briefly introduce the CS50 course that I have registered for, along with the link to the course's homepage (of course, you need to have a Github, edx account and download VScode to be able to study immediately). Then, the How I know about CS50x section will have links to the sites that introduced me to free and quality coding courses like CS50, along with a review of all CS50 courses by a reddit user that I find very legit. Next is the most important part of the file, which is My CS50x's journey - where I share my experiences and comments about the course, along with the knowledge I have learned through CS50x (these colorful little buttons will lead you to the zip files containing my learning code). And finally, a photo of Mr. David - who plays the main role in teaching the CS50x course and is also the lecturer I admire the most through this journey, below is the "More info" button containing a link to the introduction page about him created by the CS50 team.
#### What the last 2 parts do ####
Then, let's move on to the third part at the top of the project - **Contact**, which is the [contact.html](http://127.0.0.1:5500/homepage/contact.html) file. When you enter this page, you will encounter the message "By entering the right PASSWORD, you can have access to view these contents below!". As the text says, I have set a password for this page, click on the Enter Password link below and enter the wrong password, the system will automatically notify you that you have entered the wrong password. The password to open the page is 123, after successfully clicking you will be directed to a small html file linked to the "contact.html" file, which is the "pasword.html" file with the large text "Correct! Click on the items below for more details". This file contains links to my contacts, social media accounts, Github and Others, which is my Hobbies. Just like Contact, **Hobbies** ([hobbies.html](http://127.0.0.1:5500/homepage/hobbies.html)) also requires users to enter a password to access the information in this section, the password is again 123 (I'm very bad at remembering passwords so I have to let both files share the same password). Since both files share the same password, when you enter the correct password for the contact section, you will be able to access the Hobbies information without having to go through the [hobbies.html](http://127.0.0.1:5500/homepage/hobbies.html) file. Otherwise, after entering the correct password in the hobbies.html file, you will still be redirected to the small html file linked to [hobbies.html](http://127.0.0.1:5500/homepage/hobbies.html), which is [me.html](http://127.0.0.1:5500/homepage/me.html), from there accessing the information in Hobbies. Hobbies ([me.html](http://127.0.0.1:5500/homepage/me.html)) contains information about my interests in different areas such as pictures, movies, stories, music and games.
#### Functionality of the project ####
Next up are the website designs I did for my "First website" project. For HTML, my project consists of 9 html files each averaging 200 lines of code, including 4 main files and 5 sub files. For coding languages, I converted my Python code into HTML-friendly Javascript using the script function. Next are the image sources and a zip file containing my code exercises used for this project. Finally, the CSS file, styles.css, is used to style and layout HTML elements, providing a visually appealing and consistent design throughout the application. The background color is `#fffeed` for light mode and `#34495e` for dark mode. ***Notably, I would like to cite Bootstrap - the web design source of some parts of the project (header style, darkmode, button style, special icons)***
